Maintain Scheme Register General Parameters
Maintain Scheme Register General Parameters
Certain parameters must be defined, for the effective functioning of the Core Banking Solution, with respect to accounts, bills, bank guarantees, forward contracts and clearing operations among several other entities and operations. 
These parameters must be set up at the global level across modules, at the bank or branch.
The scheme register general parameter is a global parameter that must be set up at various levels, depending on its type.
The types of scheme register general parameters, the level at which they are set up and the scope of their applicability are:
Type
Level of Setup
Scope of Applicability
GCTL
Global level parameters 
Applicable for the entire data center
SOTR
SOL Treasury level parameters 
Applicable for a particular SOL
SCHM
Scheme code level parameters
Applicable for a particular scheme
SHCR
Scheme and currency level parameters
Applicable only for a specific currency in a particular product or scheme code
BREG
Bill Sub-register level 
Applicable for a particular Sub-register defined using the BPRM menu option.
Note:
This is for inland bills only
FREG
Bill Sub-register level 
Applicable for a particular Sub-register defined using the 
"FBRM"
 menu option.
Note:
This is for foreign bills only
FRCR
Bill Sub-register level
Applicable for a particular Sub-register and for a particular currency defined using the FBRM menu option.
Note:
This is for foreign bills only
See 
Parameters at the GCT Level
 for details on parameters set at the GCT level.
See 
Parameters at the SOL Treasury Level
 for details on parameters set at the SOTR level.
See 
Parameters at the Foreign Bills Sub-register Level
 for details on parameters set at the FREG level.
See 
Parameters at the Foreign Bills Sub-register Currency Level
 for details on parameters set at the FRCR level.
See 
Parameters at the Inland Bills Sub-register Level
 for details on parameters set at the BREG level.
See 
Parameters at the Scheme Level
 for details on parameters set at the SCHM level.
See 
Parameters at the Scheme Currency Level
 for details on parameters set at the SCHR level.
Initiate Scheme Register General Parameters Maintenance in Finacle 
Scheme Register General Parameters Maintenance in Finacle is initiated using the menu option 
HSRGPM
.
